So with the Angular material module added, let's now move towards the posts module and we don't have that
module yet but now I will create it. In the posts folder,
I will add the posts.module.ts file because here, I want to group all the things required
by my posts.
Therefore I will export a class here which is PostsModule which we also decorate with ngModule,
like this.
Now here I want to declare all the components used in the post related world or feature.
So if we have a look at the app module, that would be the post list component and the post create component.
So let's cut them both from here
and let's now also take their imports, post list component and post create component and let's cut these
two and let's go to the post module and important there,
we need to adjust the paths though, we already are in the posts folder,
so this first part can be deleted.
Now here we add declarations again and we declare the post create component and the post list component.
This adds them to this module,
the question is how do we now connect this module, which explains to Angular which components it comprises,
how do we connect this to the app module? First of all, let's have a look if there is something else we
can remove from the app module
and yes there is, for example the reactive forms module, we really only use that in the post module.
So let's get rid of it here and now let's go to the post module again, add it here,
so let's add our imports array and add the reactive forms module here, make sure to also add the import
from @angular/forms.
And now let's go back to app module,
remove that reactive forms module import here and now let's do that connection by simply importing our
posts module into the app module.
So here, I can add posts module,
make sure to add that import path.
If you now save this and go back to your app, you will actually see an error
though. The reason for that is that our Angular material module is now not exposed to the posts module
which makes sense,
I explained that every module would just keep its context, it would not export its things into other
modules. So the app module where we import our Angular material module doesn't pass that onto the post
module.
Now of course, we still want to use our Angular material related things in the post module and that's
no problem,
we can actually import the Angular material module here too. So the Angular material module now simply
acts as a shared module,
so make sure to add to import and add it here in the imports array and then if you go back, you'll still see an
error.
If we go up, we see that ngIf is also unknown.
The reason for that is that this is actually a default Angular feature but not enabled by default. In
the app module, it is enabled by the browser module which also adds some bootstrapping,
so app startup related things. In the post module, the app has been started but we still add another module,
let's add it at the very top, the common module which is imported from @angular/common.
This adds common functionalities like ngIf and with that, if we save that and we go back, we still get
an error.
Now it's the problem that we can't read router link and the reason for that really just is that we're
now using router features, like router link as it says, which are enabled here because the router
module here is also just exported into the app module
and as mentioned before, things are not shared. So we want to unlock this in the post module and
for that, we could of course add the router module here. Add it like this, save this and we go back and have
a working application again.
Now if I login like this, I can edit this, go to this page and it works as before.
I'm not authorized to do that though, that's interesting and that is just a bug I'll have to tackle, so
let's memorize this.
The important thing is that the addition of router module does now unlock router link again and therefore,
our component is working correctly again
or this part of our app is working
correctly again I should say. So now we also outsourced the posts related things into their own module.
Now let's move on to the auth related module
but before that, let's quickly fix that error
we saw.